docs: Add known issue for 8.5.0 (#144374)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Review the following information about the {kib} 8.5.0 release.

[float]
[[known-issues-8.5.0]]
=== Known issues

Due to a recent change in the Red Hat scan verification process,

> this version of Kibana is not available in the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{kib} 8.5.0 is not available in the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog.
```

> This bug will be fixed in the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This known issue will be fixed in the next release.
```

> Please use the https://www.docker.elastic.co/r/kibana/kibana[Elastic docker registry] to download the 8.5.0 Kibana image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download the {kib} 8.5.0 image, use the https://www.docker.elastic.co/r/kibana/kibana[Elastic docker registry] .
```
